# Reddit Comment Analysis 

Understanding the comments that are posted in Reddit could be quite useful especially if one wants to understand some important discussions and their polarity. 
It would be good if we are using the text and looking at various features and important words to get to know the context in which we are using the machine learning models for prediction respectively. With the aid of data visualization, we are going to understand the different text components and important features that are present in the text, therefore, getting to know the overall context. 

Using machine learning, we are going to be performing the analysis and understand some important features which ensures that we get the best accurate results in the test set respectively.

We see that there are different comments that are being generated everyday. It is important that we understand those comments and classify them so that it becomes easy for others to distinguish the text components and understand the ways at which different things are working accordingly. 



Using wordcloud, we can get to know the frequency of the words that we are taking and this would ensure that we understand the text accordingly. When we are looking at the size of the words, we can get to know the frequency of the occurence of different words that we are taking into consideration respectively. 

With the aid of machine learning and text analysis, we are going to understand the text and get to know the different words that are present in reddit. This would ensure that different machine learning and deep learning models are applied and the prediction for different parameters are generated respectively.

We first read the data that is stored in pandas dataframe. Once we get an understanding of the dataframe, we are going to be using different machine learning approaches to solve the problem and get the best predictions for the test set respectively. 

With the help of various libraries in python, we would be able to visualize various examples and understand the different text that is present along with the polarity of it respectively. Therefore, we are going to be performing the machine learning analysis and data visualization, thus, understanding the overall text and the polarity present in it respectively. 

## When we are taking different comments from reddit and analysing some of the comments, we could find some insights from the data that could really be useful and meaningful for different machine learning purposes respectively. Analyzing the different set of machine learning models, we are going to be performing the different set of tools that we are learning in the long term. With the aid of data visualization, the comments from reddit could be analyzed and understood. When we are learning the different set of tools, the better would the machine learning models perform on the test set. We are gaining a good understnading of the machine learning models and we are learning the things that we are going to be doing the things that we are learning the things that we are doing the things that re somethings that we are going to be using for the long term. We are sure that the more we ar elearning the things that we are going to get in the long term, the better we are going to be using the machine learning models for predictions. 
What are the different machine learning models that we are going to be performing in the test set. We are sure that when we are doing the machine learning analysis, there are some models that perform quite well while there are others that perform poorly. We have to understand some important machine learning models and use them for our analysis respectively. We are sure that with the use of different machine learning models, we are going to be performing the outputs and we see that the more we are learning the things that are going to be taking and we are going to be performing the best predictions for the test set respectively. 

We are sure that the more we are learning the different machine learning models, the better we are going to get in the long term. What are the uses of different set of tools for the use of different machine learning models for the predictions, we are going to be using them in the long term. What is the use of the tools and what are some techniques that we are going to be learning in the long term. What is the use of the term machine learning and what are some things that we need to be doing to ensure that we are going to be using

When we are building the machine learning models, we are sure that the more we are learning the things that we are going to get in the long term. What is the use of different machine learning things that we are going to be performing in the long term. What are some things that we are sure that we are going to be using in the long term. With the use of different machine learning models, we are going to be performing the use of different set of tools and we are sure that we are doing them in the long term. We are doing some things that we are What is the use of different machine learning models and we see that when we are using different machine learning models, the better we are going to get in the long term. What is the use of machine learning in the long term. We are going to be using those values for the most part. 

We see that different machine learning models are able to perform quite well whereas the other machine learning models are doing well on some data respectively. With the use of different machine learning tools, we are going to be using those values and we are going to be performing different set of skills that are important for the machine learing analysis. We are sure that when we are using the different set of tools, the better we are going to get in the long term. 


Analysing the reddit comments from different users could be really handy and there are different set of rules and techniques that we are going to be performing and analyzing that would ensure that we get the best predictions on the test set respectively. We are going to be using those values and we are learning the things that we are learning the use of different machine learning models for predictions respectively. What are some things that we are going to be using in the long term. What is the use of different set of tools that we are going to b eusing in the long term. Waht is machine learning and what are some things that we are going to be doing in order to improve the accuracy of the machine learning models. What are some key distinctions that we are going ot be taking and the more we are leanring the things that we are going to ge betting in the long term. What are some things that we are sure that we are going to be using those values and we are going to be taking 

What are some things that we need to be workign in the machine learning models? We are not sure for now. But we see that with the increase in the machine learning models, we are going to be performing different set of tools for the consideration of the values respectively. We are going to be performing different feature engineering techniques that would ensure that we understand the machine learning models and make the best predictions based on the values. 

What is the use of machine learning in agriculture. What are some things that we need to focus when we are developing the machine learning applications. What are some other things that we need to be doing right now. We are learning the things that we are sure that we are going to be performing in the long term. What are some things that we are going to be performing in the long term. 

We see that when we are doing the machine learning analysis, there is a possibility for our machine learning model to overfit from the data. We have to take extra precautions that are important for the machine learning purposes. 

All in all, understanding different aspects of machine learning and using them would be quite useful for the benefits of our society. 
